That is it,
that is all of the intermediate React v5.
Hopefully this felt like you expanded
your React toolbox a bit more into
the ecosystem, so you kind of understand
all the tools going around React.
I feel like we've done a pretty
good job here covering most
things that you're gonna find
applicable to writing React.
Whether that's,
how do I work with TypeScript?
Or how does testing work with React,
whether that's Mocha,
or AVA, or Vtest, or something like that.
If you like the course, please tweet
at me, I'm always happy to hear
stuff about that, please star the repo,
that's always awesome.
Just to give you some next step projects,
try to get 100% coverage on all the tests,
I try and write good tests, that would
be another good thing to do here.
Go back and finish the migration
from CSS to totally on Tailwind.css,
which should be great.
Try combining some of the sections,
like try TypeScript plus testing,
or try testing plus Node JS,
anything like that.
Or you can try putting them all together,
that would be cool as well.
And then, as always,
I like seeing your final deployed project.
So try throwing it up on Vercel and
see what happens.
And then the other one I was gonna say is
try putting this project together with
something like NextJS or Remix,
or one of those full stack React
application kind of things.
There's a Remix course on here from Kent.
There's a Remix course on
Frontend Masters, yeah,
Remix course from Frontend Masters,
there's a Next course from Scott and Moss,
all sorts of really cool stuff.
Okay, before we wrap up,
does anyone have any questions?
Yeah, Mark.
>> Have you used Storybook or components?
Would you recommend it?
>> Yeah, so
there's a project called Storybook.
And what Storybook is basically like,
you can make individual components.
And then you can make this living
documentation around your components of,
here is my double dropdown component.
Here's all of the props that it takes,
here's all the permutations of this thing.
So it's kind of like a gallery of
all your components, super useful.
If you have a design system,
it's basically required that
you use Storybook with it.
There's actually a whole company
now that is behind Storybook,
which I didn't know until recently.
So I've only ever consumed Storybook,
I've actually never set up Storybook for
myself.
Stripe uses Storybook, or at least did.
I don't remember if we do anymore,
cuz we have our own design system.
So there's a design systems team
that makes all these components.
And then there's a storybook for us to be
able to go peruse how to use all of them.
So it's basically generated
documentation from components.
So I've consumed it, I liked it.
If you have those sorts of problems,
I would suggest it, yeah.
>> And also mentioned we do
have a Storybook course by.
>> There you go, check that out,
that must be great.
>> And
then shout out to the React Learning Path.
>> Shout out to the React Learning Path,
there's lots of high
quality stuff on there.
I'm on there twice, so
it has to be good, I'm just kidding.
Learning Paths, it's down here, React.
So, these ones will be on here,
you got the one from
State Management from Steve Kinney.
>> It'll be actually replaced
with React Performance.
>> Cool.
>> Which covers, of course.
>> Further in-depth performance
stuff than I covered, yeah.
Awesome, and then there's more.
Yeah, Gatsby, if that's your speed.
Working with Scott, he's great.
I used to work with David at Microsoft.
These are all people that I like.
So yeah, definitely go check that out.
There's gonna be lots of cool stuff for
you to check out.
My favorite part about the learning paths
in Frontend Masters is they're constantly
being updated, right?
So, even if you've looked at it before,
be sure to go check it out again.
All right, hope you enjoyed the course.
Thanks for sticking with me, and
I will catch you back here probably for
version 9 [LAUGH] someday.
>> [APPLAUSE]